CREATE TABLE Customers (
    CustomerID INT PRIMARY KEY,
    FirstName VARCHAR(50),
    LastName VARCHAR(50),
    Email VARCHAR(100),
    CreatedDate DATETIME
);

CREATE TABLE Products (
    ProductID INT PRIMARY KEY,
    ProductName VARCHAR(100),
    Category VARCHAR(50),
    Price DECIMAL(10, 2),
    Stock INT
);

CREATE TABLE Orders (
    OrderID INT PRIMARY KEY,
    CustomerID INT,
    OrderDate DATETIME,
    TotalAmount DECIMAL(10,2),
    FOREIGN KEY (CustomerID) REFERENCES Customers(CustomerID)
);

CREATE TABLE OrderDetails (
    OrderDetailID INT PRIMARY KEY,
    OrderID INT,
    ProductID INT,
    Quantity INT,
    UnitPrice DECIMAL(10,2),
    FOREIGN KEY (OrderID) REFERENCES Orders(OrderID),
    FOREIGN KEY (ProductID) REFERENCES Products(ProductID)
);
-------------------------------------------------------------
Write a stored procedure to insert a new customer.

Write a stored procedure to update a customer's email.

Write a stored procedure to delete a customer by ID.

Write a stored procedure to retrieve all customers.

Write a stored procedure to find customers created in the last 30 days.

Write a stored procedure to insert a new product.

Write a stored procedure to get all products below a given stock level.

Write a stored procedure to update product price by ProductID.

Write a stored procedure to retrieve all orders by a specific customer.

Write a stored procedure to calculate total amount for an order using OrderDetails.

Write a stored procedure to delete an order and its related order details.

Write a stored procedure to fetch products in a specific category.

Write a stored procedure to count the number of orders placed by a customer.

Write a stored procedure to list top 5 products with highest stock.

Write a stored procedure to get order history (order + details) for a customer.

Write a stored procedure to check if a customer exists by email.

Write a stored procedure to list orders placed in a specific date range.

Write a stored procedure to get total number of customers.

Write a stored procedure to retrieve the top N most expensive products.

Write a stored procedure to update stock quantity after a new order.

Write a stored procedure to apply a discount to products in a specific category.

Write a stored procedure to get monthly sales totals for the current year.

Write a stored procedure that accepts a category and returns average product price.

Write a stored procedure to get customers who haven’t placed any orders.

Write a stored procedure to return the best-selling product.

Write a stored procedure to calculate revenue generated per product.

Write a stored procedure to retrieve top 3 customers by total order value.

Write a stored procedure to insert a new order with order details.

Write a stored procedure to archive orders older than 2 years.

Write a stored procedure to find orders with missing order details.

Write a stored procedure to detect and return duplicate customer emails.

Write a stored procedure to return products that were never ordered.

Write a stored procedure to calculate average order value per month.

Write a stored procedure to get all orders for products in a specific category.

Write a stored procedure to generate a sales report by category.

Write a stored procedure to get the customer with the highest order total.

Write a stored procedure that returns order count by customer with more than 5 orders.

Write a stored procedure to get top 5 most frequently ordered products.

Write a stored procedure to track daily stock changes.

Write a stored procedure that returns products where stock < average stock.

Write a stored procedure that returns a dynamic pivot table showing sales per category per month.

Write a stored procedure that performs bulk insert of products from a temporary staging table.

Write a stored procedure that audits changes to the Products table (trigger + log table).

Write a stored procedure that calculates reorder level dynamically based on past 3 months sales.

Write a stored procedure to generate invoice (with order + customer + product details) in one result.

Write a stored procedure that implements pagination for the Orders table (page size, number).

Write a stored procedure that returns top 3 selling products per category.

Write a stored procedure that validates all order details for consistency (e.g., price * quantity = subtotal).

Write a stored procedure to simulate order placement: insert order, deduct stock, return receipt.

Write a stored procedure to predict stockout dates based on order trends (requires historical order data).